Make `-Xskip-metadata-version-check` for Kotlin DSL script compiler configurable (#26789)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

Check the [version catalog API](javadoc/org/gradle/api/artifacts/VersionCatalog.html) for all supported methods.

#### Control skipping Kotlin metadata version check for script compilation

> You can now control if Kotlin DSL script compilation should skip Kotlin metadata version check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Skipping Kotlin metadata version check in Kotlin DSL script compilation is now deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Skipping Kotlin metadata version check in Kotlin DSL script compilation is now deprecated.

You can control if Kotlin DSL script compilation should skip Kotlin metadata version check with the `org.gradle.kotlin.dsl.skipMetadataVersionCheck` property.
```

> To opt in to the future-proof behaviour Today, set the `org.gradle.kotlin.dsl.skipMetadataVersionCheck` property to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To opt-in early to this future-proof behavior, set the `org.gradle.kotlin.dsl.skipMetadataVersionCheck` property to `false`.
This will enable the metadata check.
```

> This can be achieved persistently in the `gradle.properties` file in your build root directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the check persistently, set the property in the `gradle.properties` file of your build root directory:
```

#### Control skipping Kotlin metadata version check for script compilation

> Skipping Kotlin metadata version check in Kotlin DSL script compilation is now deprecated.

Reviewer 2: Wdyt, about adding a concise explanation (1-2 sentences) about what metadata version check is and when/how/whom it affects?

Reviewer 2: Or at least a link to somewhere having that info.

Author: Good point. Added a link
